# Deliverable 1

### Mark Breakdown

| Component   | 0    |  1   |  2   |  3   |  4   |
| ----------- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| `Product (50%)` |  |      |   X  |      |      |
| `Process (30%)` |  |      |      |      |   X  |
| `Overall Quality (20%)` |||      |   X  |      |


_Reminder:_ The 0-4 marking scale means:

 * 4 : Outstanding (100%)
 * 3 : Good (85%)
 * 2 : OK (70%)
 * 1 : Below Expectations (50%)
 * 0 : Missing (0%)

### Feedback

#### Product
How are you going to deploy it?

I believe you did not understand the difference between a user story and persona.
"As a landlord Lance, I want to register in the Onta..." is not a persona. It is a user story.
User stories correspond directly with features of the projects and not users.
Also, you do not necessarily need to create a separate persona for each user story. Personas are meant to capture an example of a user of your application and normally you create a persona for each user whose characteristics/requirements affect a feature or its details. 
It is better 
User story 4 is a non-feature. "Logout" is not a feature.
I recommend breaking down user story 2 and 3 each into two user stories with more details. 
Acceptance criteria is very general. You need to describe specifically how you are going to check the ability to do X.

### Process
Meeting details are extensive. 
Conflict resolution could be more detailed.

### Overall Quality
Extensive charts and images.
Did not remove template questions.
Formatting of the user story 6 has an error.
"I want to fill up my information" 
"Landlord who concerns about having a good"

